Update errors to match #1939 (#1996)
stoplightio/prism: docs/guides/06-errors.md

**Returned Status Code: `415`**

> **Explanation:** This error occurs when the current request uses content-type that is not supported by corresponding HTTP Operation. In the case there is no content in the request, the content-type header is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Explanation:** This error occurs when the current request specifies a `Content-Type` that is not supported by corresponding HTTP Operation. In the case there is no request body or `Content-Length` is 0, the `Content-Type` header is ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with @daniel-white's changes.
